Add bigquery usage crawler [sc-3967] (#119)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/bigquery/usage/README.md

# BigQuery Usage Statistics Connector

> This connector extract BigQuery usage statistics from a Google cloud project using [Python Client for Cloud Logging](https://googleapis.dev/python/logging/latest/index.html). It calculate usage statistics from BigQuery data read event from [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector extract BigQuery usage statistics from a Google cloud project using [Python Client for Cloud Logging](https://googleapis.dev/python/logging/latest/index.html). It computes usage statistics from BigQuery data read event from the [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services).
```

## Setup

Create a [Service Accounts](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts) on the [Setup](../README.md#Setup) guide for the general BigQuery connector. You'll need to grant additional permissions to the account to view the [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services). You can add the `Private Logs Viewers` role to your service account or add the following permissions to the custom IAM role your service account bind with:

```text
logging.logEntries.list
logging.logs.list
logging.logServiceIndexes.list
logging.logServices.list
logging.privateLogEntries.list
resourcemanager.projects.get
```

> For further permission, see [Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/access-control#console_permissions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/access-control#console_permissions) for more information.
```

# BigQuery Usage Statistics Connector

This connector extract BigQuery usage statistics from a Google cloud project using [Python Client for Cloud Logging](https://googleapis.dev/python/logging/latest/index.html). It calculate usage statistics from BigQuery data read event from [audit log](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services).

## Setup

This connector need an account with permission of `Private Logs Viewers` to view BigQuery log entries.

> 1. Go to [Service Accounts](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts) in Google Cloud Console. Make sure the appropriate project is selected from the project dropdown.

Reviewer: Users of bigquery usage crawler will most likely also use the general bigquery crawler. As such, it might be more natural to add the additional permission to the existing service account, instead of adding a new account. See https://github.com/MetaphorData/connectors/blob/main/metaphor/snowflake/usage/README.md#setup for an example.

Author: Updated

2. Click `Create Service Account` and use the following settings to create a new account:
    - Enter a service account name, e.g. `metaphor-bigquery`.
    - Enter a description, e.g. `Metadata collection for Metaphor app`
    - Click `CREATE AND CONTINUE`.

>     - Select `Private Logs Viewers` as the role and click `CONTINUE`.

Reviewer: Are you sure we need access to private logs? DH doc (which can be outdated) doesn't seem to suggest so? https://github.com/linkedin/datahub/blob/master/metadata-ingestion/source_docs/bigquery.md

Reviewer: We want to make sure that we only specify the minimal set of permissions needed.

Author: Need `logging.privateLogEntries.list` to view Data Access audit logs. And updated the doc.

    - Click `DONE` to complete the process as there's no need to grant user access to the service account.

Once the service account is created, you need to create a service account key for authentication:

1. Click the newly created account from [Service Accounts](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts), then choose `KEYS` tab.
2. Click `ADD KEY` > `Create new key`.
3. Select `JSON` key type and click `CREATE`.
4. Save the generated key file to a secure location.

## Config File

The config file inherits all the required and optional fields from the general BigQuery connector [Config File](../README.md#config-file). In addition, you can specify the following configurations:

```yaml
# (Optional) Number of days to include in the usage analysis. Default to 30.
lookback_days: <days>

# (Optional) A list of users whose queries will be excluded from the usage calculation 

> excluded_usernames:

Reviewer: Not used?

Author: Updated. Add excluded_usernames filter to support this option.
